[Conversation API] initial docs setup (#4419)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/building-blocks-concept.md

| [**Distributed lock**]({{< ref "distributed-lock-api-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/lock` | The distributed lock API enables you to take a lock on a resource so that multiple instances of an application can access the resource without conflicts and provide consistency guarantees.  
| [**Cryptography**]({{< ref "cryptography-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/crypto` | The Cryptography API enables you to perform cryptographic operations, such as encrypting and decrypting messages, without exposing keys to your application.
| [**Jobs**]({{< ref "jobs-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/jobs` | The Jobs API enables you to schedule and orchestrate jobs. Example scenarios include: <ul><li>Schedule batch processing jobs to run every business day</li><li>Schedule various maintenance scripts to perform clean-ups</li><li>Schedule ETL jobs to run at specific times (hourly, daily) to fetch new data, process it, and update the data warehouse with the latest information.</li></ul>

> | [**Conversation**]({{< ref "conversation-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/conversation` | The Conversation API provides a common way to converse with different large language model providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Conversation**]({{< ref "conversation-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/conversation` | The Conversation API enables you to supply prompts to converse with different large language model (LLMs) and includes features such as prompt caching and personally identifiable information (PII) obfuscation.
```

> | [**Conversation**]({{< ref "conversation-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/conversation` | The Conversation API enables you to supply prompts to converse with different large language model (LLMs) and includes features such as prompt caching and personally identifiable information (PII) obfuscation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Conversation**]({{< ref "conversation-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/conversation` | The Conversation API enables you to supply prompts to converse with different large language models (LLMs) and includes features such as prompt caching and personally identifiable information (PII) obfuscation.
```
